0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?

    It is a lung disease caused by the inhalation of crystalline silica dust.
    
1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
    
    getrusage returns usage statistics for the calling process in question.
    
2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?

    16 members.
    
3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate,
    even though we’re not changing their contents?
    
    This is done to allow calculate to access the most recent data. It also saves memory by allowing no new variables to be created.
    The changes in memory allocation also allow for a faster run time.
    
4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words from a file.
    In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    
    The main function begins by making sure that the correct number of arguments are included in the command line. If they are not,
    then an exit code of 1 will be returned and the program will quit. The function then continues by creating a string array called word,
    the length defined by the #define statement with 1 extra block of memory to account for the NULL at the end of the string.
    The for loop begins by reading the file one char at a time, until reaching the end, denoted by EOF (end of file).
    The loop then checks if the char is an apostrophe or whether it is alphanumeric (done using isalpha()) before continuing on to the next char.
    If the word contains a number it is ignored. This is done using isdigit().
    Once the loop reaches the EOF and the index is greater than zero, then it is assumed that a new word has been found and the function is updated
    accordingly. The current word is terminated and the word's spelling is checked using the getrusage() functions and the misspelled function
    after the word counter is incremented by 1. If the word is misspelled then it is printed to the screen and the index goes back to 0
    to begin looking for a new word.
    
5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time? 
    Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    
    By using fscanf, you are assuming the input is well-structured. However if the input data contains formatting errors then
    this can cause issues since it is unknown where these potential errors lie in the input data. fgetc allows one to read one block
    at a time to check whether or not these errors (if any) exist.
    
6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?

    Declaring parameters as constant is a safety measure to ensure they do not get changed elsewhere in the program, whether or not
    the change was intentional.
    

    